No, what the hell is going on?
Sister, I've been explaining to you.
This time no one can separate us
No. Are you stupid?
You made things like this
What about the assistant teacher?
What would you do?
The whole co-pilot is not as important as you
Don't worry, the old man doesn't work
The rich family is already under my control
Then you and I just dare not do it with you
What to do? What to do?
What do we do if we don't go out?
Good job.
Sister, don't worry.
They're all my people
Why are you so cruel to your dad?
Now I see my mother so cowardly
Auntie doesn't like me, does she?
If I go in and tell him I kidnapped you, in case
Then I'll help you go in and see you.
Thank you wife
Don't bark